fix: enabling npm artifacts repo process update (rhdevdocs-5035) (#2640)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_disabling-self-signed-certificate-validation.adoc

[id="disabling-self-signed-certificate-validation"]
= Disabling self-signed certificate validation

> Follow the instructions below to disable self-signed certificate validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the command below to disable SSL, which will bypass validation of your self-signed certificates. Note that this is a potential security risk. For a better solution, configure use of a self-signed certificate you trust with `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`. 
```
